c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\Episode Checker.exe.config
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\Episode Checker.exe
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\Episode Checker.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\obj\Debug\Episode Checker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\obj\Debug\Episode Checker.exe
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\obj\Debug\Episode Checker.pdb
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\NLog.config
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\ryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Episode Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\Episode Checker.exe.config
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\obj\Debug\Episode Checker.exe
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\obj\Debug\Episode Checker.pdb
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\NLog.config
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\Episode Checker.exe
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\Episode Checker.pdb
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Code\Episode-Checker\Episode-Checker\Episode Checker\obj\Debug\Episode Checker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
